---
layout: post
title: "Tips for a Better Work Day"
date: 2020-04-21
---

<p>Ten months into joining a strategic initiative, I shared a list of tips for a better work day with my org.
			I find these lessons just as applicable now.  I hope you find them as helpful as I do.
		</p>

<ul>
<p><li>
				<b>Say hi:</b>  With new team members joining all the time, it’s easy to focus on the people you know or get caught up in your job and just focus on that.   
				Say hi to strangers and to old colleagues.  Your day will be better for it.  Also, it’s about the long game.  At some point you’re going to rely on 
				these teammates to get your job done.  Build the ark before the flood.
			</li></p>
			<p><li>
				<b>Speak up:</b>  One, I literally can’t hear you!  Two, as a concept we know broadly where we want to be 
				but there is a lot we don’t know.  We’re testing and learning.  So speak up if you have ideas.  
				Also, nobody here is a mind reader.  If you want something or want to get to somewhere raise your hand so folks know.  
				It’s better than waiting and being disappointed.  
			</li></p>
			<p><li>
				<b>Use heart:</b>   This one sounds squishy, but it’s true.  
				Whatever it is, people can usually feel the level of care you put into something. 
				There’s always parts of the job that are less fun.  Where possible, try to maximize the 
				time spent per day where you’re in the zone and feeling the flow. 
			</li></p>
			<p><li>
				<b>Recharge:</b> You need to be self-aware enough to know what recharges you and what works for you.  
				Make sure you make time for it.  
			</li></p>
			<p><li>
				<b>Stand your ground:</b> Fast moving (and effective) orgs don’t operate by consensus.  
				If you feel strongly about something hold fast and bring in a tie-breaker if needed. 
			</li></p>
</ul>
		